Okay,
guys.
And welcome back.
Now,
you have variables under your belt and we've had a look at Lupin.
So you understand what,
Dallas?
This next section we're going to incorporate that looping and that variable knowledge that
you now have on we're gonna add to it.
Logical testing.
Now,
in this lecture,
you will find a downloadable resource.
It is next cell file called logical testing dot x l s X On on that file,
there will be a tab here called Get your code here on when you download it,
there'll be loads and loads of code in there.
Just copy all of that code,
hits Olsen F 11 in certain module and paste all the code into that module,
and then you'll be able to follow along.
So why would you want to use logical testing?
Well,
we have all of this state here,
which is a small data sample,
just 50 people.
But it could be that we want to quickly identify anyone who's male or anyone who's female.
Now I know because we could just use the filters or we could say,
actually,
we want to identify anyone who is female Between the ages off let me guess.
40 and 47.
Andi also has green eyes.
Now when you have all of those parameters,
it's gonna get very messy to do with filters.
And you're also having to click here and there and everywhere,
and it's it's a mess,
but if you do it in code,
it's very,
very simple to do.
Okay,
so without further ado,
let's crack on and have a look at the first logical test,
which is a simple single if test also you in the next lecture.